---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hi, my name is Rishita Anubhai. I am originally from Ahmedabad, India and I currently live in the San Francisco bay area in the United States where I work for Baidu USA Research at their Silicon Valley AI Lab (SVAIL). I did my undergrad in CS from Nirma University ('11), followed by my Masters in CS from Stanford University ('13).

During my undergrad, I was very interested in the field of information security. I did multiple undergrad internships as a research intern in the domain of web security at a startup called Blueinfy. After this, when I started my MS program at Stanford, I initially continued to pursue a specialization in computer and information security in my first year. During this time, I also did some research under the guidance of Prof. Dan Boneh at Stanford.

Having always been fascinated with the field of AI and ML, Stanford was the first time I got the chance to take a course on machine learning at Stanford under Prof. Andrew Ng. This got me very interested and I took various classes such as NLP, NLU, Information Retrieval, Data Mining, etc. through which I could get to work on different projects in the domain. I decided to do a second specialization in ML by sticking around a little longer before graduating from Stanford. I also worked at the Biomedical Informatics Research Institute at the Stanford Medical School. Here, I got to explore applications of this domain while working on gaining insights on patient similarity.

After graduating from Stanford, I went on to work full time at Microsoft Redmond for SQL Azure. There I joined an incubation project based on statistical machine learning as one of its first members. I worked on designing a system for statistical anomaly detection in time series data. We also worked on scaling it to support hundreds of time series at near real time. The idea was to enable alerting on system metrics to drive proactive mitigations from these anomalies. I also worked on detecting and alerting on slow trends in time series data. I presented this work at Microsoft's internal Practice of Machine Learning Conference (PMLC '15).

Microsoft was a great experience with a great team that got me excited about ML research and its productionization. At that stage, some time last year, I was talking to different people to decide if I wanted to pursue a PhD in Machine Learning. During these conversations I learnt about SVAIL at Baidu Research in much greater depth and Prof Ng's vision at the lab. It seemed to be an ideal place that encouraged fundamental learning in the field of AI, ML and deep learning alongside research exposure. I was convinced that this was an exciting place where I could learn a lot from some of the most experienced and pioneering researchers in the domain of deep learning and HPC. In fact, working at the lab would give me a platform to not only explore research but also its product impact given the resources and scale of impact that Baidu technologies already have.

After having joined SVAIL about 8 months back as a machine learning engineer, I have worked on various projects involving Deep Speech 2 and its productionization. I have also worked on some initial efforts in natural language understanding and dialog agents at the lab. This experience has been very rewarding and I continue to learn a lot from my colleagues at various paper reading groups and learning sessions at the lab. I keenly wish to further deepen my understanding of deep learning and the intuitions that drive it as I continue to work on various interesting upcoming projects at the lab.
